Update index.md (#3170)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/sim_gazebo_gz/index.md

  Lets PX4 know that it should not launch an instance of Gazebo.
  Gazebo will need to be launched separately, as described in [Standalone Mode](#standalone-mode).

> - `PX4_GZ_SIM_RENDER_ENGINE`:
>   Sets the render engine to be used by gazebo, by default it is OGRE 2.
> 
>   - Can be set to OGRE 1 (`PX4_GZ_SIM_RENDER_ENGINE=ogre`) to solve rendering issues when running PX4 on a virtual machine.
>   
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PX4_GZ_SIM_RENDER_ENGINE`:
  Sets the render engine to be used by gazebo.

  The default rendering engine (OGRE 2) is not well supported on some platforms/environments.
  Specify `PX4_GZ_SIM_RENDER_ENGINE=ogre` to set the rendering engine to OGRE 1 if you have rendering issues when running PX4 on a virtual machine.

```
